So much to talk about.
I know.
You look lovely.
Thank you.
[Conan] You look absolutely stunning.
Thanks.
[Conan] And yeah, thank you so the suit.
You look great too.
Well, thank you.
I love the tie, the pink
is very fashionable.
Is it really?
Yeah, you know, that hot pink.
I thought someone was having
that joke on my expense.
(both laughing)
Put this on.
(audience laughs)
No, I really like it,
it's all coming together.
And I wanna congratulate you
'cause since the last time
you were here, you had a baby.
Yeah.
That's so exciting.
Congratulations.
Yeah, so did you.
I did as well, yeah.
And strangely, I actually
brought a picture for you 'cause
there was a moment there where I thought
maybe you and I had a
weird drunken night out.
(audience laughs)
(Kate Hudson laughs)
Is it?
That I didn't know about.
Did the baby go through a Conan phase?
Well, the baby's got
red hair, and then he,
yes he went through a big Conan phase.
About, how old was the
baby when this happened?
About six and a half months
when I started going,
Oh, wait, he looks kinda like Conan.
(both laughs)
(audience laughs)
(audience clapping)
That baby looks so much
more like me than my baby.
(audience laughs)
Remember that time you and I
were in the poetry section
at Barnes and Noble.
Oh.
And then it got a little crazy.
I just thought that was so funny.
That's crazy, the hair and everything.
And I was going to send it to you
with a little note, but I
spaced and I didn't do that.
My wife would have freaked out.
(audience laughs)
What have you been doing?
Now, how are you liking being a mom?
Oh I love it.
Yeah.
It's so great.
It's been so much fun.
And isn't yours around the same age?
Same age. Yeah.
About 21 months.
Yeah. So now it's just so much fun.
Right.
I mean, he's talking
and running and he's really communicating.
It's just, it just gets better and better.
I love also all the things
that you start doing
that you never really
pictured yourself doing.
Like reading them
stories, singing lullabies
Oh, yeah.
and you guys do sing them,
sing the baby lullaby.
Oh well, yeah.
I mean, our lullabies are a little,
they're not normal lullabies.
[Conan] What do you mean?
Well, he's from the South.
[Conan] Not like go to sleep, go to sleep.
No, no, it's like, Chris is from Georgia.
[Conan] Right.
He's from Atlanta.
So it's, you know, he
grew up on country music.
So it's more like George Jones songs,
[Conan] You're seeing this sort
of like sad country western tunes
Yeah. I mean, it happens.
They have a great lullaby,
like tone to them.
[Conan] Sure. Yeah, yeah.
They're just usually about
like, losing love and
(Conan laughs)
It's a nice thing for the baby to hear.
Yeah, and drinking.
Right, right.
And some, yeah.
Yeah, the old murder ballads.
Right, right, right.
Before they go to bed.
Nice for the child to hear
just before they go to sleep.
And then the man shot me and now I'm dead.
Night, night.
Click
(Kate Hudson laughs)
(audience laughs)
I sing a lot of AC/DC to my child.
Nice.
She was a fast machine
she kept her motor clean.
(audience laughs)
She was the best damn
woman that I ever seen.
The baby's all wired.
(audience laughs)
Baby's frightened out of her mind.
Oh my goodness.